Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Once upon a time.
in the faraway lands of the Orient.
three wise men began a long journey
guided by a dazzling star:
the star of Bethlehem.
On the backs of their camels.
they rode day and night without rest
until they came to Bethlehem
to attend the birth of the Baby Jesus.
On reaching the stable.
they knelt before the newborn
to deliver to him three presents.
The first. worthy of a king: gold.
The second.
fit for a man: myrrh.
And the third. the offering
a God deserves: incense.
At this point they were blessed
with the gift of giving presents
to all the world's boys and girls.
And their names became
a reason for celebration.
Since then. year after year.
Melchior. Caspar y Balthazar.
the Three Kings.
have kept taking love. joy.
and harmony wherever they go.
TODAY
Come on now! Move it!
They'll give us the grapes here!
Calm and serenity. Melchior.
a little patience.
Hey. you. hold it.
Where are you going?
Stop!
DECEMBER 22
Move it!
Holy shit!
I've had it up to my crown!
I knew the 22nd
was a bad day to cross.
Oh. yeah? Then why the heck
didn't you say anything?
Of course I did. several times.
but since you don't listen to me...
To me or anyone.
I've been listening to you
for 2000 years.
Don't do that. you'll stress them out.
Finally!
Good evening.
Show me your papers.
What is this?
Is this possible? Here too?
They're gonna shit themselves.
Here come the Kings.
with the Christmas gift!
Watch these guys.
they're very merry.
They bring the boy-child
beautiful gifts!
Green butterfish...
Lemon leaves...
The Virgin Mary. mother of the Lord.
Papers.
Paco. Felipe and Oriol.
-Anything to declare?
-No. sir.
What was that?
-It's my cellphone.
-My tummy.
-His tummy.
-His cellphone.
Out of the vehicle now
and open up the back.
I'm going to open the door.
Guardia Civil here.
What the hell...?
No. don't do that.
they get stressed out.
Will you give them back the...?
Lad. drop the gun.
-Don't shoot!
-I can't!
-I'm talking to him!
-It was an accident.
I have a wife and two kids.
No. no. we know that.
Mari Carmen. Rebe and Juancar.
But listen. we have no intention
of hurting you.
-Right. friends?
-True. true.
Still. you can forget
the HD tablet.
the speedcross trainers
and the Rosanna disc. Juanito.
You know them?
How do you know them?
What is this. magic?
What the hell...?
The men from the van.
you're surrounded!
Hands up!
And these guys?
Juanito.
do you want to see
some proper magic?
Look.
These guys? Where are they?
Where did they go?
Tell the commander.
What the hell happened here?
Jesus. Mary and Joseph!
What a welcome.
That was close.
Remind you of something?
Yes.
What times they were. eh?
Good evening.
What's this?
That. madam. is myrrh.
What's it for?
Not even God knows.
THE THREE WISE MEN VS SANTA
DECEMBER 23RD
BELÉN GUESTHOUSE - BEDS
We've been to the four corners
of the Earth.
and this is still my favorite spot.
Yeah. yeah... I'm going to bed.
my back's a mess from so much camel.
Besides. remember.
we have a meeting tomorrow.
You're making it worse.
And be careful with Belén.
all we need is for her
to find out who you are.
What do you mean?
Belén and I are just friends.
Besides. I know very well
that we mustn't get involved
in the non-magical world.
Have you changed your hair?
Well. considering we haven't
seen each other for a year...
I've cut it four or five times.
-Well. you look very pretty.
-Thanks.
You're looking good too.
So? How's life going. Belén?
Not as well as you guys.
It's incredible. you haven't
changed at all in years.
It's you. Belén.
you look kindly upon us.
No. I know you have a secret...
and I want to know what it is.
They're here!
-Run!
-Be good. don't run!
Sofía!
Bea! How are you?
-Sofía. you're so big!
-Hello. Felipe!
Hi! It's great to see you!
Hi! How are you. little ones?
-Good. and how are you?
-Hi. girl.
Hello. Paco.
What's that? Don't tell me.
the letter to the Three Kings.
It's the letter to Santa. He's the best.
Why not write to the Magi instead?
They're plan B. What Santa
doesn't bring. you ask them for.
The Kings aren't plan B.
they're plan A.
the main course.
Santa's like the bowl of olives
while you wait to get served.
Look. Oriol. I took your advice
and I've been reading all year.
Very good. Sofia!
Nothing like a good book on...
MYTHS OF THE KRAMPUS
Sofía. what are you doing reading this?
The Krampus is an evil being
who hates Christmas.
He feeds on hate and abducts
and punishes boys and girls like you.
Aren't you scared?
I don't believe in the Krampus
and that crap. okay?
They're stories for little kids.
like Santa Claus.
the Three Kings. Harry Potter...
You don't believe in the Three Kings?
-I believe in them.
-That's the way I like it.
-And who's your favorite?
-Any except the one in the middle.
"The one in the middle"?
That depends on how they line up.
We don't know if there's life
in outer space!
MAYOR
But we can assure you
that if there is.
they'll be dazzled by
the 15 million lights
that will decorate our streets!
He's always loved Christmas.
Almost more than us.
He's elected every year.
the people adore him.
Alright... Are you sure
this is the right time?
Hold on. I'll look again.
You look. your eyes are better.
"Tra-pe-co ardu-bialen..."
But that's not the time.
It was around here. I saw it.
It has to be further down.
I don't know.
Those camels...
It's further down. further down.
El Niño Lottery. A sure thing.
Thanks. but we're not interested.
Yes. at 12.
I said: "A sure thing".
You got your answer.
Thanks. we're not interested.
Excuse me.
are you the new page?
She's the new page.
Sorry. they change the password
all the time.
-Ana Ruiz. at Your Majesties' service.
-What are you doing? Get up
-Melchior touched me!
-Be discreet. lass.
I'm just excited. you know?
You've been my favorite king forever.
And you're Balthazar.
my sister's king.
I admire you so much...
And you're Caspar.
How are you?
Everything alright?
Great. great.
Let's not waste any more time.
You have a lot to see. let's go.
I can't believe I'm about
to enter the Magical World.
This is amazing.
The best day of my life.
I've always wondered how
you get into the Magical World
and in class they're so secretive
about it. It must be incredible.
Is it here?
How does it work?
Iris scan. voice recognition.
fingerprint reader?
Look.
The key.
With the key.
-I'm a real page.
-In training.
Yes. of course.
The outfits are so cool!
Cool? Uncomfortable!
Listen. these pants ride up...
they get up in my crack and...
Just as well we only transform
in the Magical World.
Well. except on January 5th.
the day you do the parade
and hand out the presents.
All that day you transform
in the real world. right?
Welcome to the city
of the Three Kings.
Gee!
Majesties...
-Where are we going now?
-Patience. you'll see.
This is the reading room.
Here we examine
all of the letters that reach us
and cross-check them
with their annual behavior report.
"I'm Silvia Martínez and this year
I want a Dobble card game.
well. and the boardgame Hotel.
if that's possible".
Yes. and maybe
you'll finish your lentils.
You always leave
your plate untouched.
Go on. ease up on her.
No. no. Silvia has to ease up
on her mother.
They're tough. aren't they?
Not if you've behaved.
I'm freaking out!
It's all done by hand!
I thought it was a myth.
Of course. Ana.
we're true artisans.
As we like to say:
There's no modernity...
Without fine tradition!
In this alley the requests are prepared
from the letters read before.
That's great!
And right there.
another kind of request is prepared.
This is the page Carbonilla.
He prepares the coal
for the boys and girls
who misbehaved during the year.
Not the greatest job. but someone
has to do it. right. Carbonilla?
-I guess.
-And this?
-For David Pastor Junior.
-Three bags of coal. Atrocious!
Now I understand why his father
asked for a barbecue.
And here's where our loyal friends.
the messenger hawks.
deposit the letters
that are sent to us. the Magi.
Look. Ana. see that pile?
They're letters for me.
All of them are for you?
And those over there are mine.
Incredible!
And yours. Caspar?
That pile there.
My letters arrive at the last moment
because... my fans trust me.
No way! Is that King Cake?
Yes.
Always with a keen eye.
watching over
so that not a single letter is lost.
Delighted. the pleasure's mine.
-You speak Hawk?
-Yes. C1 level. spoken and written.
Impressive.
Shall we continue?
For now. and until you become
an official page.
you'll go with us everywhere.
-You have to meet the CUBMOB.
-Cool.
For the Kings today.
make way. make way!
Pretty cool. huh?
C.U.B.M.O.B.. COMMITTEE OF THE UNIVERSAL
BROTHERHOODS OF MAGICAL AND OUTLANDISH BEINGS
Wow. this is awesome!
Good morning. girl!
Good morning. everyone!
Good morning.
How were your holidays?
Short. as usual.
This year I went to the Seychelles.
All day in the sun!
The first witch to like being toasted.
That's true!
Yo. Kings! What's up? All good?
Here. another year handing out
hope and joy.
That's Befana. the Italian witch.
and Olentzero. the coalman from
the Basque Country and Navarra.
And who is that?
Yule the goat. a magical Christmas
being in the Nordic countries.
Actually. he's just decoration.
I'm a goat. but I'm not deaf.
Deaf I am not.
This is all so amazing!
The best is yet to come.
Befana. hey. wait for me!
The ceilings are so high!
Highnesses. you're on the list.
Go ahead!
Good morning. Your name.
You should know
that my name is Melchior.
King Melchior.
Oh. yes... Excuse me. Majesty.
Go right ahead!
Ana Ruiz. trainee page.
Ana Ruiz. yes. we were advised.
-I'm...
-I know who you are!
Hey. brother. How are you?
Good!
I'm King Caspar.
Okay. okay...
I'm sorry. but we don't have
any Caspar.
My God! So many people!
And all of them
bring Christmas presents?
All of them. although the real
function of this gathering
is to organize. protect ourselves
and reach agreements.
What's that flower?
That's the Easter Flower.
The Christmas spirit lives inside it.
-Watch it!
-Careful. you're on the Invisible Man.
Sorry.
-What's up. Kings?
-I haven't seen you in ages.
Yes. I've been staying
out of sight lately.
-Let's see each other more this year.
-Yes. see you.
Hold on. I'll shift up.
Who are they up there?
They're a mixed bag.
The Cantabrian El Esteru.
L'Anguleru. Asturian.
the Apalpador. Galician.
and the Tió. who craps out gifts
in Catalonia and Aragón.
He craps them out?
Boys and girls hit him with canes
so he defecates presents.
Don't shit me. Tomte.
Tomte. every year the same thing.
-Don't give me stick!
-Then don't be a plank!
Is that Elsa from "Frozen"?
I thought she wasn't real.
No. get outta here.
that's Schnegurowska.
a messenger fairy
who conveys the dreams of
boys and girls all over Russia.
Her heart is ice. making her
the world's most neutral magical being.
That's why we chose her
as Chancellor of CUBMOB.
Are you comfortable like that?
Neither comfortable nor uncomfortable.
And Ded Moroz. Grandfather of the Snows
and of the Chancellor too.
He looks a lot like Santa Claus.
No. how can you compare Ded
to that freak?
By the way. I haven't seen him.
I love not seeing him.
The session will begin shortly.
Go for them. Elf 1.
This is priceless.
Do I really have to read this?
"Since the beginning of time.
Christmas has been synonymous
with Santa Claus.
but that's over now".
Good. about time!
"Get ready to receive as he deserves
the new symbol of Christmas".
Presenting...
the one and only. improved.
the children's favorite.
the unrivalled:
SANTA 2.0!
Buffoon.
How's my CUBMOB?
I can't hear you!
I said: "How's my CUBMOB"?
Long live Christmas!
Love you guys!
Merry Christmas!
Ciao.
So. can I go in now?
I'm sorry.
but my supervisor says
there's no Geppetto in the files.
Geppetto?
My name's Caspar. King Caspar.
What's going on in there?
I'm sorry. but...
you can't come in.
I'll call again and check. but...
While some prefer to use scrolls.
messenger birds
or go by camel. so to speak.
So to speak. he says.
Myrrh off. man.
Kids today prefer technology.
not stuff from the past
like myrrh or incense.
That's why I. Santa 2.0.
have decided to reinvent myself
and adapt to the new times.
I present the Santa Watch.
a device not only accurate
to 50 milliseconds
and holographic projection.
but is also linked up to...
my new TULSA sports sleigh.
100% electric and long-range.
And with my new friends.
no more going down
filthy chimneys.
Getting dirty every year
and covered in soot
is a thing of the past.
Now they'll do
the dirty work for me
and these flying gadgets...
don't complain.
I've also decided to stop
living in Lapland
and I've moved to this new castle.
for the sole and indisputable
King of Christmas!
King?
Tell me he didn't say "king".
Yes. yes. he said it. he said it.
But that's not all.
I am so happy. so proud. so excited...
to share this with you today.
It's a new chapter
in the history of Christmas.
The future.
No way. he's "overstepped
the manger" now.
Who does he think he is?
He's a dummy
designed to sell soft drinks.
Relax. buddy.
All we have to do is ignore him.
He's got his public
and we have ours.
We needn't make pointless comparisons
or personal slights.
-I'll have my own parade!
-What the hell is fatso on about?!
Did you hear him? Did you?
Dance. Elf 1. Be happy.
Objection!
I feel forced to interrupt
this santaclaustic exhibition of ego.
The parade has always been ours.
the Magi.
Not for nothing
is it Christmas' most magical night.
Bear it in mind. bear it in mind.
Yes. whatever you say.
but Chancellor.
shouldn't we revise
the bases of this committee?
That's ridiculous!
Bro. chill.
Ridiculous is bringing presents
on January 6th.
That's not Christmas. CUBMOB.
Did he call me "bro"?
The poor kids barely have
time to play
because two days later
they go back to school.
They go back to school. come on!
Chancellor. are you really going
to allow this takeover?
What do you think of a vote?
I think it's neither bad nor good.
Those in favor of Santa's parade?
Hey. relax. I'm sorting it out.
Sorting out what?
Sneaking off? Lay off. man.
He got his own way in the end.
he beat us.
Beat us? Who?
This year Caca Claus
is holding the parade!
Santa stole our parade?
What did I tell you?
Plus he has the support
of all of CUBMOB.
This is unbelievable.
Fine. he encroaches on us every year.
but taking what's ours...
What is this?
Hey. didn't you realize that
I wasn't in there with you?
What?
The children forgetting me hurts.
but my best friends
forgetting me too. really. guys...
Hey!
The Three Kings of Methuselah!
Did you like my parade thing?
Any suggestions?
Look. Santa. I'm in no mood
for your shit. okay?
Shit?
What kind of language is that?
What would the children say
if they heard you?
They'd say: "Mom. who's that?"
I'm King Caspar.
I'm King Crapster.
Let it go. let it go.
-King Caspar.
-Who?
I'm saying I'm King Caspar.
And I say: Who cares?
-Caspar. come on. let's go.
-Ignore him. let's go.
The road to Bethlehem
goes down the valley
that the snow covered
The little shepherds
want to see their king.
they bring him gifts
in their humble shepherd's pouch.
He was born in a stable
in Bethlehem.
the Baby Jesus.
I wish to place at your feet
a present to your liking. Lord.
You know I am poor as well
and have only an old drum.
Enough!
I said enough!
Don't you know
what you could awaken?
According to the legend.
the Krampus was an evil being who.
for a long time.
stalked boys and girls
all over the world at Christmas.
until one day he was defeated.
They say that that day
he lost all his powers
and his body vanished
into thin air.
although a small part of him
managed to survive:
His shadow!
These days. he's still somewhere.
asleep under the power of Christmas.
too weak to awaken.
But if. one day.
the Christmas spirit withers.
Krampus' shadow will awaken
from its forced lethargy
and attempt by any means
to end Christmas forever.
for only this way will he recover
his original body and all his powers.
His shadow will roam the streets.
seeking the perfect person to possess.
What are you still doing here. Marquitos?
Go home. this is the time
to spend with the family.
I appreciate it. Mayor.
-Merry Christmas.
-Same to you.
And Marquitos. don't forget
to give Esther a kiss from me.
Are you alright. Mayor?
Better than ever.
And the only way
to do away with him
will be to pierce his heart
with the original Christmas Star.
an immensely powerful relic.
What's all this about?
You said you don't believe
in this stuff. right?
But you do and I like scaring you
because you're a chicken.
I'm not a chicken!
Do you have any idea
how serious this is?
This is CUBMOB.
you are CUBMOB.
and if you want to stay CUBMOB.
you have to act like CUBMOB. got it?
-It's not fair!
-But he started it!
You always let him
do whatever he wants.
-Do you doubt my impartiality?
-I think he did.
-Why don't you shut up?
-Everyone shut up!
I suggest you leave here right now.
Because anything you may say
or do from now on
will only worsen your situation.
By the way. my dear Kings.
a question before you go.
What do you think
I should throw from my float?
Chocolates.
or giant candy that injures
the kids like you do?
You'll pay for this.
you lowdown ass. you hear?
I swear to you. this isn't over.
Silence!
Get out of here!
Christmas is the best time of year.
Right. my tiny friend. Elf 1?
Yeah. I love Christmas.
Elf.
come to me!
What was that voice?
What voice?
What are you talking about?
You must be tired.
Go and rest. little slacker.
I know you hate Christmas
as much as I do.
Help me and we'll destroy it together.
I don't understand. I thought
you magical beings got along.
No. we get along.
but this darn Santa has been
sowing discord for centuries.
Normally we don't behave like this.
Right. Caspar?
Yeah.
Whatever you say.
Good night.
Rudolph. music.
Activating music.
Mayor. I'm thrilled to present
my parade project to you.
I think if we hurry.
my elves can have it all ready
by tomorrow. the 25th.
I want it to be a daytime parade
so that the boys and girls
can enjoy their gifts
while their parents have
a vermouth. a little tequila...
I want it to be a parade
in grand style because...
Rudolph. music.
Rudolph. music!
Closing curtains.
What's he doing?
Rudolph. open the curtains
and put on some music!
I'm sorry.
this normally doesn't happen to us.
Surprise.
DECEMBER 24TH. CHRISTMAS EVE
It looks like singing
isn't one of her talents.
No. not really. no.
Listen.
do you think Caspar's upset about
what happened at the CUBMOB?
Among other things.
We must understand him.
Aren't you going out partying
with Paco and Oriol?
I don't feel like it.
What a shame.
Because...
I feel like dancing.
Look. Balta.
we've been doing this
for over 2000 years.
We are and will be Kings forever.
-for better...
-Or for worse.
Don't worry. old friend.
He'll get over it.
I hope so.
We have a problem.
Do you still think
that magic doesn't exist?
We're going to stay up all night
so we can see Santa
when he brings the presents.
Are you crazy or what?
What is it? Oh. I know.
You're scared that I'm right
and you're not. true?
Do you feel like... a drink?
Yes.
I'll be right back.
Don't move.
Caspar...
We've come for you.
We're wanted in the magical world.
What?
Can't it be in a little while?
No. Code Red. Let's go.
Code Red.
Listen. Felipe...
Do you like tonic?
Ask your king.
What's that about our king?
Hey. don't point. don't point.
Calm!
Calm.
We all agree
that it's slightly worrying
that Santa Claus is untraceable.
this being Christmas Eve.
Do you know anything?
No.
-Sure?
-Sure.
Excuse me. Chancellor.
did you summon us because
you think we're involved?
-Yes.
Yes?
No.
I summoned you because tonight
is the most magical night
of Christmas.
All the boys and girls in the world
are waiting for
the arrival of Santa Claus.
But if tomorrow they discover
that he hasn't come.
it would put in grave danger
the Christmas spirit
and all of you.
Someone has to deliver his presents.
You're not working tonight.
-Excuse me. Chancellor. but we can...
-No!
You'll do it just like Santa.
understood?
Yes. ma'am.
Hey. not this.
Why on earth would we stoop
to something like this?
Why on earth? Because tomorrow.
when the sun comes up
and the children don't find
Santa Claus' presents
under the tree.
you will be immediately
and permanently expelled
from CUBMOB.
Oh. that's why.
Okay. okay. Right then.
When things are made clear...
Crystal clear.
Where am I? Where am I?
Help!
Someone help me. I'm Santa!
What is this?
Help. please!
Krampus.
I see that. despite everything.
you haven't forgotten me. old friend.
Krampus. it's Christmas.
the children await their presents.
Please. what do you want?
Tell me. what do you want?
You know very well.
You people did this to me.
You took away my powers
and my body.
When I do away with Christmas forever.
I'll recover my original body
and all my powers.
then no boy or girl in the world
will ever be safe from me again.
You won't get away with it. Krampus.
You think by kidnapping me
you'll do away with Christmas?
That won't happen.
No!
That won't be enough.
But when the boys and girls
wake up tomorrow
and see that Santa hasn't come.
I'll be closer to
accomplishing my aim.
Nice try.
but there's no signal here
for your modern gadget.
There's nothing you can do.
Friends.
I'm sure there's an explanation
as to why Santa has deserted us
at the worst possible time.
No. don't cry.
No.
While we find out.
we must settle for these three dorks
endorsed by the Commission.
Excuse me. reindeer-groomer.
but we Magi were delivering gifts
long before this Santa Claws.
It's a piece of cake for us.
Yes. but is it really necessary
for us to dress like jackasses?
How do I explain this?
The children are expecting Santa.
so Santa will give them their gifts.
And shake a leg. eh?
It's barely an hour until sunrise.
Hold it right there.
Pump your brakes.
There's plenty of time.
but only if we do it our way.
Okay.
Okay. okay.
Friends. it's time to hand out presents.
Let's go.
Stop!
Wow. the ladder!
You're kidding. right?
You hold onto it.
Watch and learn.
You'll spend half your lives
handing out presents.
Whatever it takes.
Can't you see we've stopped time?
Could time be turned back
with your method?
It could.
But we don't feel like it.
It'd be very dangerous.
The consequences
could be catastrophic.
We'd face a terrible paradox capable
of causing such a chain reaction
that it would reformulate
the space-time continuum.
Jesus. Mary and Joseph.
I'm so tanked!
This mania for putting out
alcohol in the house!
I'm just being polite. got it?
You have to understand me too.
What's going on?
Is this normal?
-No.
-It's weird.
Let's get out of here.
Now we're really in a jam.
Bugger it.
DECEMBER 25. CHRISTMAS
It's daytime.
Do you still expect Santa to come?
You'll see that he came!
I told you.
Magic doesn't exist.
But it has to...
No. okay?
Cut it out.
How could you fail in your mission?
You just had to do what
you've done for 2000 years.
Something or someone
sabotaged us.
We don't know.
I do know.
This witch thinks
this is no accident.
She thinks you're responsible
for Santa's disappearance.
-It's true. it's true.
-They hit him!
Thugs!
They've always been jealous of him!
Every magical being knows it. eh?
-Thugs. thugs!
-Hold on a moment!
You don't think we'd be capable
of doing something like this?
Yes. it had to be them.
Of course it was them.
-Right?
-I don't believe anything.
Not one side or the other.
Dear companions...
Alright...
Why would we do
something like this?
For a long time
you've found him unbearable.
You told me yourself one day that
you were sick of cultural invasion.
You couldn't bear it
that boys and girls
prefer to write to Santa than you.
So you made him disappear!
Never. ever. have I seen anything
like this in CUBMOB!
Betrayal! I said betrayal!
Betrayal! Betrayal!
Betrayal!
You've enormously weakened
the Christmas spirit.
We all know how dangerous
that could be.
The terrible consequences
that this could mean if...
-I've no choice but to expel...
-Chancellor!
Perhaps we should remind
those present here
of Principio Indubidus Pronatale.
included in article 11.3
of the Christmas Accord.
Perhaps not everyone is as aware
of it as you and I.
Of course.
But you remind them.
my voice is a little hoarse.
Every defendant has the right
to be presumed innocent
until proven guilty.
and as there is no evidence
of the Kings' guilt.
I assume that CUBMOB will initiate
a large-scale investigation
before passing judgement.
Sure. of course.
This girl sure is well trained.
She sure is.
Thank you.
I was just about to say so
before you interrupted me.
I have no choice but to initiate
an investigation into what happened.
Mission accomplished.
The Kings have...
They've failed.
Look who's here.
Do you know my elf buddy?
Just kidding.
I know you know each other.
He was your friend.
he betrayed you. blah. blah. blah...
I'll leave you now.
you have a lot to talk about.
How could you. Elf 1?
You're my friend.
Your friend?
Don't make me laugh.
You've always treated me
like a slave.
And this "Elf 1" thing...
I can't stand it.
But I call you Elf 1
because you're the best.
You're number one!
You've never seen me as a friend.
I mean the same to you
as your crappy drones.
I swear. if I acted like an idiot.
it's because I'm an idiot.
not because I don't
consider you to be my friend.
But allying with the Krampus?
What happened to you?
At what point did you abandon
reason for madness?
Madness was working for you.
Krampus treats me as a friend.
as an equal.
We're like Batman and Robin.
Like Timon and Pumba.
Like Will and Fog.
Do you understand?
He respects me.
Smurf. cut the chatter.
Move it. we have work to do!
You see?
We even give each other nicknames.
Where's Simpleton Santa gotten to?
Do you think something bad
has happened to him?
Something bad. to Santa? Please!
Right now he's laughing at us.
How can you be so sure?
Worrying about him
is a waste of time.
We know him.
Go on up. I'll be right there.
Hello.
-Hello.
Where...?
What happened to you?
I was worried.
No. it's all fine.
Something came up and...
It's alright. don't worry.
Well. it looks like...
Christmas this year has gone to hell.
Yes. I heard something. yes.
Listen.
can we talk about
what happened last night?
Yes. Look...
I like you.
You like me?
What did Schnegurowska mean
that weakening the Christmas spirit
could have terrible consequences?
You see.
the Christmas spirit is more important
and powerful than you can imagine.
It not only enables the existence
of magical beings.
it also protects the world from evil
and the wicked creatures that.
if Christmas didn't exist.
would sow chaos and terror
all over the world.
When our actions aren't exemplary.
the Christmas spirit withers
and our magic along with it.
Do you really think Santa
would run such a huge risk
just to annoy you?
-Yes.
-Are you kidding?
-Would he endanger the Magical World?
-No doubt.
And the existence
of all the magical beings?
Of course.
And the person he loves most
in the world as well?
Himself. Santa Claus.
Seriously?
You see? We have to find him.
Not only to prove your innocence.
but to save the Christmas spirit.
What could we do?
Not much.
It's frankly impossible.
Impossible? Are you serious?
The same guys who 2000 years ago
crossed a desert
in search of a newborn baby
are the same ones
that now can't find
a bearded man with magical powers
who travels in a sports sleigh?
That wasn't bad at all. eh?
Not bad at all.
-It was mythical.
-Unique.
-Epic.
-Spectacular.
Right then.
Supposing we did it.
we could start by sending
our messenger hawks
to search for clues worldwide.
Good.
And if our pages indicate
the clues on a map.
we could find a pattern.
-That's right. Melchior.
-Good. Balthazar. Let's go.
You're the guy I see once a year
for two weeks
and then goes again.
My daughters
are the most important thing for me
and they don't deserve
to let someone in who won't stay
and who always has something
more urgent to do.
But...
Understand me a little too.
Felipe.
Come on. let's go!
Now?
Felipe!
But why now?
It's very urgent.
Guys. as you know.
Santa Claus has disappeared.
We've sent a squadron of hawks
in search of him.
so I need you to look north
and you south. okay?
-Yes. let's go.
-Let's go. guys.
DECEMBER 26
Where?
DECEMBER 28. PARIS
DECEMBER 31. NEW YEAR'S EVE
After the terrible loss of Christmas.
we're now left
without New Year's Eve
due to a strange breakdown
of the clock.
Help!
JANUARY 2. MEXICO CITY
Guide us. Lord. and help us find
damned Caca Claus.
I knew you hadn't abandoned us!
After two millennia
you finally remember us!
Is it Him?
Federal Police!
Throw down your sacks
and get down off the camels!
We've found clues
in all these places.
Tell us. Zambomba.
He says it's here.
TYRRANICAL MONARCHY
KINGS OUT
What's this all about?
JANUARY 4
Santa!
Will someone help me?
Christmas is over!
Elf....
help.
King Cake?
Is it you?
SANTA WISHES YOU MERRY CHRISTMAS
ONE IS WORTH THREE
What a fraud.
Another red herring.
"One is worth three".
What a braggart.
I still don't believe CUBMOB said
we hate him because we're jealous.
-Jealous? Of what?
-Of what?
He's a lame duck.
always so annoying.
All he's done is ruin our lives.
I can't bear him one day more.
Poor wretch.
It must be tough being
absolutely no one's favorite.
Nobody.
Don't go overboard.
he has his fans.
A handful.
Besides. because of him
CUBMOB may kick us out.
He started the fight. not us.
Let them kick him out.
Sir. do you have a minute
to help our friends the whales?
Your friends the whales?
Look. I'll tell you something.
Sometimes you think
the whales are your friends.
but watch it. you never know
what they'll say behind your back.
We're jealous of Santa...
It doesn't make a lick of sense.
Envy him. why?
-Because he's world famous?
-Because his sleigh flies?
-Jealous of what?
-Of what?
By the way. the hawks need
an ophthalmologist.
It's odd that they can't tell
a real person from a photo.
Delivering message.
Melchior! Caspar! Balthazar!
The Krampus has awoken!
He's possessed the Mayor
and wants to do away
with Christmas forever!
He's holding me here.
in the Town Hall basement.
Sofía!
There's no time! Come on. Kings!
Can you come?
Melchior! Caspar!
What do you want?
The Krampus has awoken!
Santa's come!
He's in the living room!
What are you saying?
Making things up. really.
you're such a pest!
There's no time! Come on. Kings!
Melchior! Caspar! Balthazar!
The Krampus has awoken!
He's possessed the Mayor
and wants to do away
with Christmas forever!
Hurry. he's getting away!
Where's Mom?
Forget about Mom now.
Look. there he is!
Hurry. he's getting away!
-Hurry. he's getting away!
-I'm doing my best. okay OK?
Bea. that way. hurry!
I told you magic exists!
Belén?
Belén!
What's wrong?
-Tell me.
-Belén...
I've decided I want to stay here.
No more emergencies.
I want...
to stay here with you.
and with the girls.
Belén.
this is my place.
I'm sorry.
I have to go.
Why? What's wrong?
The girls aren't here.
-But...
-They're not here.
-OK...
-I don't know where they are.
OK. I'll go with you.
Relax. OK?
Melchior! Caspar! Balthazar!
The Krampus has awoken!
He's possessed the Mayor
and wants to do away
with Christmas forever!
There he is.
He's holding me here. in the...
One...
-There's no time!
-Two...
Come on. Kings!
Now!
He got away!
What do we do now?
Santa needs our help.
He's holding me here.
in the Town Hall basement.
There's no time! Come on. Kings!
And he'll get it.
-Where did this man get to?
-I don't know.
-He can't have gone forever. right?
-No.
-Really?
-I'm calling Belén.
Hi. Belén. how are you?
Sorry. I wanted to know if...
What?
She says that Bea and Sofía
have run off. she doesn't know...
-Mom!
-We're here.
Belén. relax. they're here.
Don't worry. we'll stay
with them until you get here.
We saw Santa. the Krampus
is holding him in his basement.
He needs help from the Three Kings
to save Christmas.
You girls sure have
a vivid imagination. eh?
Melchior! Caspar! Balthazar!
The Krampus has awoken!
He's possessed the Mayor
and wants to do away
with Christmas forever!
He's holding me here.
in the Town Hall basement.
There's no time! Come on. Kings!
Shit. I can't believe I'm asking
those three for help.
Is it still recording?
They're right.
The Krampus.
He's back.
Ana. stay with the girls
until Belén gets back.
-Melchior. there's no time to lose.
-What did you just say?
There's no time to lose.
No. no. you called him Melchior.
-No. no.
-No.
-So you're Balthazar...
-No. no.
-And Felipe is Caspar.
-No!
They're the Three Kings!
-Goodbye to 2000 years of mystery.
-Incredible!
And they say you're the smartest
of the three of us. Go on. go.
-If Caspar comes back...
-I'll tell him. yes.
Good luck.
And you. girls...
Come on.
They're the Three Kings!
Christmas beings.
the news is terrible.
The Christmas spirit is dying.
We don't have much time left.
MYTHS OF THE KRAMPUS
Here it says that the only way
to get rid of the Krampus
is to pierce his heart with
the original Christmas Star.
We have to find it.
How? Do you know where
the Star is?
Well...
The original Christmas Star
is found in the Magical World.
Number 11/2. CUBMOB Palace St.
And can you take us there?
Access is restricted.
I'm not authorized for that.
Sure. the questions you ask...
If it's a mere watch.
how could it?
I'm not a mere watch.
If I wanted.
I could do it perfectly well.
I'll show you.
Activating sleigh.
No Kings gifts for them this year.
Relax. Belén. They're
in their room. safe and sound.
No need to worry.
There we go!
Surprise!
-What's happening?
-No idea.
I'm as surprised as you are.
Well. I think
we only have one option.
-Let's go.
-Go ahead.
I hope Caspar's not around
anyone who knows him.
JANUARY 5. TWELFTH NIGHT
I swear I know nothing about this.
Well. hey...
Maybe...
I do know something.
The Kings are coming
with the gift.
they bring the child
such lovely presents.
The Mayor is expecting you.
What?
Jeez!
And the other one?
Never mind.
Welcome. Kings.
Where has that sleigh
taken my daughters
and why are you dressed like that?
It's a long story. but I'm sure
they're fine. don't worry.
I'm sure it's all fine.
I'll go for the girls...
No!
You're not going anywhere.
Sorry?
You're going with Melchior
and Balthazar. they need your help.
No way. Let them handle it alone.
Did she say Melchior and Balthazar?
-Yes.
-What's wrong with you?
How can you say that? They're your
best friends and they need you!
Friends? Friends don't laugh at you
and call you sad and pathetic.
Who said that about you?
My supposed best friends!
Melchior. Balthazar and their new friend!
-So you're...?
-Yes.
Hey. one thing...
Just a sec. Belén.
-When did we say that?
-At the service station.
What? Don't pretend.
I heard it perfectly.
-The service station?
-Yes. the service station.
-This is really wild.
-It is pretty wild. yes.
-Now I get it.
-What?
You were going to give up
being a Magi for me?
Yes.
We weren't talking about you.
we were talking about Santa.
Please. one at a time.
But how could you give it up?
You have the best job in the world.
Boys and girls adore you.
The Krampus has awoken.
He's possessed the Mayor
and kidnapped Santa Claus.
Melchior and Balthazar went to
rescue him. but they can't do it alone.
You know something?
You've always been
my favorite King.
And you always will be.
Go on. move it.
-The Town Hall?
-It's around there.
Don't worry. Belén.
I'll go for the girls.
-Magic exists!
-And it's so cool!
Look. the Christmas Star!
Good evening from Town Hall Square.
As you see. hundreds of people
have come to the door of the building
to protest at the lack of news
about the Kings' parade.
Tonight. Christmas is at stake
and it's all in the hands
of three people:
the Three Kings.
I'm honestly sorry that
you're going to miss the show.
But I want you to know
that I'm eternally grateful to you.
If not for your fight.
I could never have woken up.
Have a happy "Non-Christmas".
I really am sorry.
All this is my fault.
My need to humiliate them
was what awakened the Krampus.
You know what they say:
It takes two to make a fight.
Jealousy.
Yes. we admit it.
we were jealous of you.
We couldn't bear that every year
you surpassed us in everything.
What are you talking about?
I'm the one who envies you.
You are the originals.
the all-time three.
the Three Kings.
The Kings!
Always such friends. so united...
Well...
not so much now.
Caspar has abandoned us.
He's gone.
We may never see him again.
Such a sensitive and humble man.
A heart on legs.
He has only one flaw. that he's...
-very touchy.
-Very touchy.
What?
-Badmouthing me again?
-Caspar!
I'll see if I can find something
to get you out of here.
The mood here
at Town Hall Square
is getting tense.
The parade should've started
hours ago
and we still have no news
of the Three Kings.
I'm inside.
Our dear friend Caspar.
You're back.
Sure. Christmas has to be saved.
And I can only do it
with the help of...
my best friends.
Do you think this will work?
We'll find out now.
Alright...
You can do it. Caspar.
Give it all you've got!
Smurf. clean all this up!
Not long to go.
WITH HIS BEST FRIEND ELF 1
ALWAYS TOGETHER
Wait!
Wait.
This time. why don't you
start with Balthazar?
-What?
-Didn't you say you trusted me?
And I do trust you.
-I trust you.
-Okay.
I really trust you! But...
he does too.
You trust him too?
-Of course.
-Start with Balthazar.
Okay.
Lil' guy!
You came back.
Yes.
You were right.
It's not that you're not my friend.
you're just an idiot.
Yes. that's what I told you.
I'm an idiot.
We have to hurry.
We must stop the Krampus before
he goes out and cancels the parade.
If he does that.
he'll recover his original form
and we'll be powerless.
Who are you two and what
are you doing with Santa's sleigh?
They've taken Santa.
Santa has been kidnapped
by the Krampus.
Impossible. CUBMOB did away
with him centuries ago.
It's all a lie!
It's not a lie!
However terrible it may be.
they're right.
The Krampus has awoken.
and we need the Christmas Star
to defeat him.
Are you one hundred percent sure?
Yes.
Have you seen it with your own eyes?
Well. no. but...
Then how can you assert this
with such boldness and finality?
The decision has been taken.
The Star stays in its place.
where it should be.
in the Magical World.
Who gave you the right to decide
the future of Christmas?
We are the Christmas beings.
Do you think that
Christmas belongs to you?
Christmas doesn't belong to Santa.
to the Kings. or to any of you.
It belongs to all the boys
and girls in the world.
We are the protagonists.
Where are you going. Sandoval?
How did you escape?
Consider it a Christmas miracle.
Oh. really?
Betrayal?
Well. well...
What do you intend to do exactly?
Talk to you before you make
the biggest mistake of your life.
That's your big plan?!
Shut up. Krampus!
Don't be so selfish.
Not everything revolves
around you. you know?
We know you're in there. Ignacio.
And you don't want
to do away with Christmas.
That's the last thing
you'd want to do.
Of course not.
because you love Christmas
more than anyone.
Like when you were little.
Every year. the whole family
gathered at Christmas
in your grandparents' house.
Every year you and your brother
set up the Nativity scene.
Until your uncle Juan
lit the chimney
and you all sat and sang together:
Go. go. go. it's a shindig...
Go. go. go. it's Christmas Eve.
And surely you remember
that morning
when you went to open your present.
Without knowing how.
your first bicycle appeared.
The red BMX dirt bike.
With white wheels.
Do you really want
to end all this forever?
No.
I don't want to.
I don't want to!
I don't. no!
But I do!
And now. if you'll excuse me.
I have to do away with Christmas.
His Excellency. Mayor Ignacio Sandoval.
has just come out.
It seems he's going to say something.
We hope it's good news.
It's official!
The Three Kings...
will not hold the parade!
Scoundrel!
The Three Kings from the Orient
have abandoned us as well.
I'm too old for this.
We're lost without our magic.
It's Him.
-It's us!
-And we've brought help!
-But we need you to distract him.
-We need time.
Christmas is over!
Now I have all my power.
You can't do anything to me now.
Now no child will be safe
from the clutches of the Krampus.
You can't pass.
What'll you do to stop it?
When you open the blinds.
a porcelain color...
What's this about?
...marking the spot.
is a sign that Christmas is here...
If you look on a child
receiving affection...
Dude. dude. your turn.
If it snows again.
it's a sign that Christmas is here...
Enough!
Out. out!
Sorry. little girl. sorry.
Let's find them.
Enough.
Accept your defeat.
Christmas is dead.
If you hear carols from afar...
And people walking and laughing...
Everything...
brings back memories
It's because Christmas has come.
I will have no mercy on you.
If when you close the windows.
the smell of hazelnuts
spread throughout your home
It's because Christmas has come.
Christmas has come.
Christmas...
has come!
Is this a joke or what?
No! It's a distraction!
Who are you?
Ana Ruiz.
trainee page.
Sandoval.
Friends. we've finally
defeated the Krampus.
At last!
Great!
What are you doing here?
-I'm going to my office.
-Yes. good idea.
How pretty they are!
Mayor. welcome.
-Do you see something. do you see them?
-No.
Guys. this isn't over yet.
We have to recover Christmas.
They're waiting outside.
Gosh. they're going to lynch us.
Maybe. but this is about
saving Christmas.
and someone reminded us
that the most important thing
about Christmas is not us.
Ana. dear.
why don't you go out first
and calm things down a little?
Go on.
-Me?
-Yes. yes. you!
Let's go. let's go.
Here she comes. here she comes.
It's Ana!
Get outta here! Get outta here!
Hello?
Can you hear me?
I suppose you're wondering...
-Hit the road. you drag!
-That's right!
Get outta here!
-As I was about to say...
-Nobody cares!
We want to see the Kings!
If you'll let me finish. maybe...
Forget it...
With you tonight...
The Three Kings!
Merry Christmas!
Please give a big hand
for our great friend. Santa Claus!
I don't believe it.
it's your time! Enjoy!
Santa. Santa. Santa!
How are my people?
Merry Christmas!
Santa. Santa. Santa!
NO ENTRY
Well. my Kings.
Christmas together has been a pleasure.
but we have to split.
Where are you going?
What do you mean where?
To deliver my presents.
I can't let the boys
and girls of the world
go without Santa Claus'
Christmas Day presents.
Are we crazy or what?
Santa. you are aware
that today is the 5th?
You relax.
I'm going to do a little trick
with the clock to turn back time.
Are you aware of how
dangerous that could be?
The consequences
could be catastrophic.
We'd face a terrible paradox
capable of causing
a chain reaction that would alter
the space-time continuum.
No. no. no. It's a joke!
I've never done it. ever.
This will be the first time
I've done it... again.
But understand me.
I can't let the kids get
the crappy presents you give them.
I'd never forgive myself.
Well. make the most of it. Kings.
Let's go. lil' guy. to work.
See you later. you old fogies.
Goodbye.
Well...
You have to love him
the way he is. right?
I don't know why.
but I think this means trouble.
Let's go!
To the past. Elf 1!